the bafta goes to
[Music]
gilligan the laser show gilligan
oh my god um i was not prepared for this
um
this is i wrote a speech this is an
incredible honor i have to thank
uh my girlfriend my close friends uh my
family
i also want to thank syeda ed havard tom
becky and phil at channel four
and major big ups to ben wicks and
rhianne rianne expectation um
and yeah just as a personal note like
this award means so much to me i can't
tell you even the names
that i'm with is like blew my mind away
like
to be here um and it also gives hope to
so many people who sound like me
look like me and are from the same
background as me so
yeah man utc we brought it home bro we
brought it home
thank you oh my gosh i'm so gassed
congratulations not prepared but wrote a
speech
get your act straight thank you daisy
thank you paul thank you very much